While still in Aberystwyth, I did come across some anti-Semitism in an extraordinary form.
A fellow student in my year, Osgur Jan of Jocko's Slam Christ, had been a younger man,
full of enthusiasm for Hitler and all his ideas and ideals.
He had been in Germany and worked for the Arab Ice Fiends, but came back from a year or two doing this
in order to pursue his studies, and then the war broke out, and he joined the army.
He was a Spitzes official and joined the army.
And one of the maneuvers that he was on, he had a shot himself in the foot of,
he shot his big toe off, or his big toe was lost somewhere.
And so he was in the lead of the army, and partly because of his worthwhile convictions,
and partly because he resented the British army for having got him to lose his toe.
He reverted to this, or took up again his original ideas of the high-in-faith and racial superiority and all that,
and spouted this publicly when he realized that it upset me, because apart from that,
we had been colleagues and friends in the same group for only about six or seven hours an hour a year from John.
He said, well, you know, you're all right. You know the argument, you're all right, it's all the other Jews.
And I remembered there, because of the way he spoke, one couldn't actually argue against him,
because there was nothing tangible to argue, it was an attitude which was so entrenched,
and so profoundly ill thought out, but certainly at that stage, there was nothing, I felt there was nothing I could do about Stan Price.
So I remember I walked down to the beach, I don't know if you know Aberystwyth, but it's a pebbly beach, not a sandy beach,
and I sat on the pebbles and wrecked into the sea. I was just so frustrated and so upset,
thinking that here I'd come away from this thing only to meet it again.